---
layout: post
title: DC 2009 Day 3
category: 
tags: 
- personal
- travel
type: post
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Last day and plenty to get to. We had a quick breakfast at Firehook Bakery and headed out to the Newseum. It had just opened last time we were in town but I'm glad we made the trip this time. It was pretty impressive to see a half-dozen massive chunks of the Berlin Wall as well as a broken portion from the World Trade Center antenna. The 9-11 exhibit was pretty tough and we skipped the documentary. The inclusion of kleenex at the entrance to the film gave some idea that we were in no mood to check it out.  The Pulitzer winning photographs were amazing to see, but again were a bit rough to take a times. I had to steady myself a few times admittedly skipped over a few. The sports photography exhibit was  pretty great as well. 

We finished up by returning to the American History museum which was completely packed. I was really disappointed at how many exhibits were still under construction. The popular culture exhibit was tiny, only a very small sample of what they used to have available. It was a long way to go and not see the Seinfeld puffy shirt. 

It was pouring rain when we were ready to leave, so we headed back to the Metro and found a pizza place near the hotel. It was fair at best, some average wood-oven thin crust. We hung out the hotel, packed up and caught 'Milk' on HBO. 

The trip went fast, but it was a nice little break and great to get away. I'm not sure how soon I'll be able to drag Jen back to DC, but there's still so much to see, we'll make it back again. 
