---
layout: post
title: 2010 review
category: 
tags: 
- personal
type: post
---
{% include JB/setup %}
		
I didn't reach my 'Road to 400 Goals' but I did end the year with a personal record for deadlift and weighted in 10 lbs lighter by the end of the year. Most of my lifts remained the same or went up, so I'm happy to have retained muscle mass while loosing a bit of extra weight. 

Since I've been doing so much heavy work, I'm going to start off the year with a couple months of high-rep, low-weight work with an emphasis on getting my heart rate up. 

<strong>Reading</strong>
51 books this year, not all of them winners, but as I get older I'm getting better at cutting out the garbage quicker. It's easy to tell the time of year based on what I'm reading, more serious work during the start/end of the year and light stuff over the summer.

## Top Ten Books:

1. Everything Matters – Ron Currie, Jr.
1. Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself: A Road Trip With David Foster Wallace – David Lipsky
1. After the Workshop – John McNally
1. Switch – Chip & Dan Heath
1. Drive – Daniel Pink
1. Listen to This - Alex Ross
1. The Creative Writers Survival Guide – John McNally
1. The Big Short - Michael Lewis
1. Where Good Ideas Come From - Steven Johnson
1. A Guide to the Good Life - William Irvin


## Other music stuff I remember listening to a whole bunch to in 2010:

1. Jónsi - Go
1. Janelle Monáe - The ArchAndroid
1. Broken Social Scene - Forgiveness Rock Record
1. The Bad Plus - Never Stop
1. The National - High Violet
1. Raphael Saadiq - The Way I See It
1. John Legend & The Roots - Wake Up!
1. Flying Lotus - Cosmogramma
1. Christian Scott- Yesterday You Said Tomorrow
1. Black Dub - S/T


<strong>Music: Written</strong>
I put out three EPs and one full project of music this year, (about 108 minutes of sound). I'm pretty happy with the output and I see a lot of change and progress. 


<strong>Next Year:</strong>
I already have a reading list about 15 items deep. For music I want to get back into Max/MSP and build more interactive processing in Reaktor. I also have a pile of Abersold jazz books that I should spend more time with. The older I get the more I feel a need to dig deeper into harmony.
