---
layout: post
title: "Review of 2011"
tags:
- personal
- music
- books
---
{% include JB/setup %}
Way late on this, but this draft has been sitting around for awhle. It was a pretty awful year for films, w/ Moneyball being the only film that sticks out in my memory.

Music (no particular order): 
* Bill Frisell - All we are Saying
* Bon Iver - s/t
* Elbow - Build  a Rocket Boys
* Fitz and the tandrums - Pickin' up the Pieces
* Goddamn electric bill - Jazz
* The great book of john - s/t
* Jason isbell and the 400 unit - Here we Rest
* My Morning Jacket - Circuital
* Russian Circles -Empros
* Tom Waits - Bad as Me
* TV on the Radio - Nine Types of Light
* The War on Drugs - Slave Ambient

Books (no particular order):
* The Creative Habit - Twyla Tharp
* God is Dead - Ron Currie Jr. 
* The F-ing Epic Twitter Quest of @MayorEmanuel - Dan Sinker
* Slaughterhouse Five - Kurt Vonnegut
* Recording the Beatles - Kevin Ryan
* Here There and Everywhere - Geoff Emerick
* The War of Art (re-read) - Steven Pressfield 
* A Confederacy of Dunces (re-read) - John Kennedy Toole
* A Whole New Mind - Daniel Pink

Last.fm = 445 different artists in the last 12 months. The idea of statically listening to the same music over and over until I die sound miserable. It's like reading the same ten books over-and-over and just letting a part of my brain shrivel away. There's too much good stuff out there to ignore. I need to keep my mind open and my preconceived notions buried away. I'm glad that I use something like last.fm to remind myself to keep looking and keep searching for new music. 

